Q1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
    Functions are used to reduce the code reusability in a program and it is very usefull in defining and calling a set of function when the function is in need.
Example :
def square(i):
  i = 1
  square = i * i
  print("The square of the number is :",square)
def cube(n):
  n = 1
  cube_value = n * n * n
  print("THE cube value of the number is :",cube_value)
 
If we need square value of a number we can call square(i) function (where 'i' denotes the number) and we can find the square value of that number.
If we need cube value of a number we can call cube(n) function (where 'n' denotes the number) and we can find the cube value of that number.


Q2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
    Code function will run only when the function is called and it is not called when it is specified.
    
    
Q3. What statement creates a function?
    def statement is used to create a function.
 
 
Q4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
    Function : Function is used to define the specific functionality of the block of the code.
    Function call : Function call means it is used to the call the function which is created for specific function if the function is needed.
 Example :
    def square(i): # defining a function
        i = 1
        square = i * i
        print("The square of the number is :",square)
        
    square(8) # calling a function


Q5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
        Only one global scope is there in a Python program and one local scope is created when it is called.
   
   
Q6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
All variables in the local scopes are destroyed when the function call returns.


Q7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
Return value is a value that function used to evaluate.Yes, it is possible to have a return value in an expression.


Q8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
    If a function does not contain a return statement it returns the value as None in output terminal.
    
    
Q9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
    To refer a function variable as global variable we use global keyword to declare which variables are global.


Q10. What is the data type of None?
    The data type of None is NoneType.
    
    
Q11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
    This sentence used to import module related to areallyourpetsnamederic into the program.
    
    
Q12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
    The function can be called using spam.bacon().
    
 
Q13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
    When it encounters an error, the control is passed to the except block, skipping the code in between. 
    We have moved our code inside a try and except statement. Try running the program and it should throw an error message instead of crashing the program.


Q14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
    The try block is used to test a block of code for errors.
    The code that executes if an error happens goes in the except clause.
