Q1.#"In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators."

* is a Expression
'hello' is a value
-87.8 is a value
- is a Expression
/ is a Expression
+ is a Expression
6 is a value

Q2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Strings can be either written in single quotes or double quotes
Variables is used to store value and arguments to a paramter in the program.Variables used to hold values in it

Q3.#Describe three different data types

Integer : It is used to store values in numerical format
Float : It is used to store values in decimal number format.Example 52.6
List : List is used to store multiple data into it like string, int,float etc. every data types can be stored inside a list.

Q4. #What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

Expressions are made up of mathematical operators like addtion(+),subtraction(-),multiplication(*) and division(/)


Q5. #This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

Expressions are made up of operands and operators 
Statments are like a string which we want to display in the output window using print function.

#Q6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?

bacon = 22

bacon + 1

#Q7.What should the values of the following two terms be?

'spam' + 'spamspam'

'spam' * 3

both statements 'spam' + 'spamspam','spam' * 3 prints same output

#Q8.Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

Egg a valid variable name because a variable name must start either with a letter or underscore charaters.
100 is invalid because the variable name should not start only with a numeric values

Q9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
To get integer int() function is used.
To get floating-point values float() function is used.
To get string literals str() function is used.

Q10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?

'I have eaten' + 99 + 'burritos' 

It cause an error because 'I have eaten' and 'burritos' are strings and 99 is a value, it is only possible to concatenate a string values not a string and numeric expression if converting 99 into sting using str() it is possible to run a code without error. 


